## Requirement #1 - Profile
The profile requirements goal is to have a profile page connected to each user. In this profile page there will be a friend list, liked shows and movies, and a list of their currently watching, have watched, and to be watched movies and shows. The profile will show some of the users information including, username, name, and profile picture. This is the main scope of the profile requirements. The limitations to this requirement is the login authentication and account creation. This will need to be manually entered for testing or created before the profile can accurately display information. We will need a database to store profile information. 

## Requirement #2 - Main Page
The main page requirement will be the main content feed for the application. This page will show posts from friends, recommendations of shows, and a search bar to look for shows and movies in the database. The user will be able to like, comment, and reshare any public post. The user can also create posts on the main page, where they can write a review or rate a certain show. The recommendations of shows will come from friend posts or suggestions of popular shows from the database. The mind map shows the connections between items on the main page. The database of movies and shows will use the TMDB API. This requirement relys on the ability to create posts and profiles. 

## Requirement #3 - Database Search
The database search requirement is located on the home page. From there a user is able to search for any movie, tv show, platform, or user. The movie and tv show database will be provided through the TMBD API, the user database will be created. Once the user has searched a query, there will be a list of results. The user can then choose a result and perform an action including, go to a profile, make a rating or review, add movie or show to a list, or see movies and shows from a provider. This search will be dependant on the capabilities of a search algorithm as well as our database. The search will also rely on when we create profiles for users.

## Requirement #4 - Watch Party
The watch party requirement is where users are able to watch a show or movie with their friend, in an online setting at the same time. The functionality for this will be provided through the use of an API or chrome extension, which has yet to be decided. The user will be able to chat with their friends while watching a shared screen. Users will be able to invite their friends to their watch party through a link or invite request through the application. This requirementis still a work in progress.